ON-443: Update implementation (#6)
OriumNetwork/ERC7432-reference-implementation: README.md

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1009147970832322632?label=discord&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/NaNTgPK5rx)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/oriumnetwork?label=Follow&style=social)](https://twitter.com/OriumNetwork)

> ERC7432 standard introduces role management for NFTs. Each role assignment is associated with a single NFT and expires automatically at a given timestamp. 

Reviewer: Use `ERC-7432` instead of `ERC7432`. It's easier to reach

> ERC7432 standard introduces role management for NFTs. Each role assignment is associated with a single NFT and expires automatically at a given timestamp. 
> 
> ERC7432 can be deeply integrated with dApps to create a utility-sharing mechanism. A good example is in digital real estate. A user can create a digital property NFT and grant a `keccak256("PROPERTY_MANAGER")` role to another user, allowing them to delegate specific utility without compromising ownership. The same user could also grant multiple  `keccak256("PROPERTY_TENANT")` roles, allowing the grantees to access and interact with the digital property.
> 
> You can find the full specification [here](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-7432.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains a minimal implementation of ERC-7432 (Non-Fungible Token Roles). This standard introduces role management for NFTs. Each role assignment is associated with a single NFT and expires automatically at a given timestamp. 

ERC-7432 can be deeply integrated with dApps to create a utility-sharing mechanism. A good example is in digital real estate. A user can create a digital property NFT and grant a `keccak256("PROPERTY_MANAGER")` role to another user, allowing them to delegate specific utility without compromising ownership. The same user could also grant multiple  `keccak256("PROPERTY_TENANT")` roles, allowing the grantees to access and interact with the digital property.

You can find the full specification [here](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-7432.md).
```

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1009147970832322632?label=discord&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/NaNTgPK5rx)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/oriumnetwork?label=Follow&style=social)](https://twitter.com/OriumNetwork)

> This repository contains a minimal implementation of ERC-7432 (Non-Fungible Token Roles).
> This standard introduces role management for NFTs. Each role assignment is associated with a single NFT and expires automatically at a given timestamp. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains a minimal implementation of ERC-7432 (Non-Fungible Token Roles).
ERC-7432 introduces role management for NFTs. Each role assignment is associated with a single NFT and expires automatically at a given timestamp. 
```
